

Casts:
Only C++ style casts shall be used.
The appropriate cast shall be chosen, for example if you try to cast a value to
something it actually isn't, use the reinterpret_cast<>. If you are dealing with
virtual classes and you are in danger of casting the base class to the wrong
type, use the dynamic_cast<>.
const_cast<>'s shall not be used at all, see below.


const- ness:
Restrict the users of your classes or functions and yourself as far as possible:
if the current scope does not actually alter a data element, this element shall
be declared const.
All member functions that do not modify any of it's enclosing class'
non- mutable member variables shall be declared const.
const_cast<>'s are not allowed, except for extraordinary circumstances.


static- vs dynamic polymorphism
Limit the use of virtual functions and classes to a minimum. If you need
polymorphism, most of the time static polymorphism (curiously recurring template
pattern: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curiously_Recurring_Template_Pattern) is
enough. Real dynamic polymorphism is needed very rarely. (actually only when
handling user or network input).
Think twice, before you declare a function as virtual, remember the overhead it
costs (virtual table, looking up the right function on each call...).


Destructors:
Destructors are your life insurance. Destructors are called when the object goes
out of scope or when an exception is raised. That means that destructors are
actually really critical parts of code.
Every object should have a proper destructor (note that default destructors are
often "proper" enough), no matter where or how it is used.
Write your destructors with great care, allways clean up _every_ resource used
in your class. Avoid anything that takes time, such as I/O. A logfile entry
might be okay, but dont send or receive anything. Also dont't do anything
that requires a mutex to be locked.
Don't make any assumptions on the state of the object or it's
environent, expect it to be invalid, corrupted or whatever. You still have to
shut down and free all resources as gracefully as possible. Destructors just
CAN'T fail. If the time of an object has come, then it's over.
Also, NEVER EVER throw an exception from the destructor (watch out for function
calls that might throw them).


Error handling:
Errors are propagated through the program by means of exceptions, return values
or status parameters. Errors (actions that failed) are reported by the entity
that was supposed to do that action (function) to the entity that requested this
action (caller).

No function should declare a throw specifier. They are mostly useless (no
compile-time checking), include some overhead, make debugging harder (call
terminate instead of dumping a stacktrace) and a better place to document what
an exception throws is the source code documentation.

Errors that can be anticipated, for example a failing connect() shall be or be
derived from std::runtime_error.
The caller shall catch this exception appropriately, unless the only
reaction to this error would be to throw another exception.

Errors that can only be caused by programming erros shall be or be derived from
std::logic_error.
These error shall not be declared in the function header and
must not be caught by callers, but must only be caught by top- level functions
(such as main(), or thread entry points).
a

